README.md, before:

# UnityKitchen

<details title="Table of Contents">
<summary>Table of Contents</summary>

- [About](#about)
- [Requirements](#requirements) 
- [Features](#features)
    - [Logger](Assets/UKitchen/Logger)
    - [MenuSystem](Assets/UKitchen/MenuSystem)
    - [Services](Assets/UKitchen/Services)

</details>

## About
UnityKitchen is a  helpfully a library for your Unity Game projects. It contains the codes, patterns and systems you usually need when developing your game/projects.

## Requirements
* [Extenject](https://github.com/modesttree/Zenject) : Dependency Injection Framework for Unity3D
* [Async Await Support](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/tools/integration/async-await-support-101056)   //   [Blog](http://www.stevevermeulen.com/index.php/2017/09/using-async-await-in-unity3d-2017/)

## Features
- [Logger](Assets/UKitchen/Logger) Alternate Log usage like that Debug.Log
- [MenuSystem](Assets/UKitchen/MenuSystem) Managing menu actions.
- [Services](Assets/UKitchen/Services) Managing services (JSON REST-API)

Commit message:

[ADD] State Control, BasicTextStateHelper, BasicImageStateHelper

README.md, after:

# UnityKitchen

<details title="Table of Contents">
<summary>Table of Contents</summary>

- [About](#about)
- [Requirements](#requirements) 
- [Features](#features)
    - [Logger](Assets/UKitchen/Logger)
    - [MenuSystem](Assets/UKitchen/MenuSystem)
    - [Services](Assets/UKitchen/Services)
    - [States](Assets/UKitchen/States)

</details>

## About
UnityKitchen is a  helpfully a library for your Unity Game projects. It contains the codes, patterns and systems you usually need when developing your game/projects.

## Requirements
* [Extenject](https://github.com/modesttree/Zenject) : Dependency Injection Framework for Unity3D
* [Async Await Support](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/tools/integration/async-await-support-101056)   //   [Blog](http://www.stevevermeulen.com/index.php/2017/09/using-async-await-in-unity3d-2017/)

## Features
- [Logger](Assets/UKitchen/Logger) Alternate Log usage like that Debug.Log (Documentation and examples are ready)
- [MenuSystem](Assets/UKitchen/MenuSystem) Managing menu actions. (Documentation and example ares ready)
- [Services](Assets/UKitchen/Services) Managing services (JSON REST-API) (Documentation is COMING SOON)
- [States](Assets/UKitchen/States) Core State Control and basic UI State Items(Text, Image) (Documentation and Examples are COMING SOON)
- Localization (COMING SOON)
- Themes (COMING SOON)
- Firebase and GooglePackages Integration Editor (COMING SOON)
